sort of the darkness people have been
trying to make foundation for over 50
years
foundation was an enormous influence for
Star Wars it was the greatest science
fiction work of all time the story is
sprawling the scope is sprawling it
unfolds over the course of a thousand
years if ever there were a company that
was hoping to sort of better people's
lives through technology through
connectivity it's Apple and that's
something very much that Asimov was
hoping to do
[Music]
you ain't to arrest me tomorrow and you
it's almost a certainty you're familiar
with my work psychohistory
yes in theory but I don't know what it
has to do not a theory
[Music]
the worried you can predict the future
now worried people believe I can
and they don't like the future I predict
[Music]
the Empire will fall the order will
vanish this massive events rushing to
meters
boom leaking short of the darkness
[Music]
you